# hello-world
This repository is for practicing the Github flow.
Hello, my given name is Kasey Broick. I am a senior at Creighton University, majoring in Computer Science. I like video games, rabbits, and all things art & music.
My best talent is that I can almost always pick out the good in things. Sometimes I play bad or old video games just to see what ideas they had floating about & to understand where they went wrong, or to take inspiration from what they did well or what they fell short on. I also tend to learn quickly, and I am great at improvising under pressure. Acting is one of my favorite interests.
My greatest weakness is that I am very concerned with personal space & the actions of others, so I am exceedingly reluctant when it comes to asking for help or doing anything that might annoy or interrupt them. As such, I do best in situations where I am either working alone, or where I can benefit others through simple tasks I feel I cannot "fail" at. On an unrelated note, in a lot of team-based games, I play healers, supports or tanks. 
Since an unfortunate accident last year, I have moved most of my computer use onto a Steam Deck, which runs a form of Linux. My favorite character in a fighting game is A.B.A. from GUILTY GEAR -STRIVE-, though I also liked her in +R. Favorite character in a moba was Ratatoskr from SMITE (rip), in League of Legends I liked to play AP Twitch & Kindred, but since switching to Linux & the introduction of Vanguard, I have stopped playing League. I was interested in playing Naafiri, Smolder & Aurora, but I think I'm better off not playing League anymore.
